hello youtube friends my name is
equinox and today I bring you a tutorial
How to download minecraft pocket edition
for iphone ipad and ipad
good you have to enter the site
you wait for it to load
and this makes searching
for you
search for
well this you have to press where
says of the replenishment of an iphone net here
have many folders appear but that
no matter
what we have to press is to install
after installed
This icon will appear before
enter to be wants to tell you that it is
totally safe and that is just like the
app store but do not charge that is
that you can download games that in the
appstore cost a lot of money and here you
they give it for free it's just good
we enter
to search
Minecraft
because they tell you
you put the number 2
you can install after this
you go to downloads and here you will appear
the icon that is being downloaded
and when I finish downloading
it will appear right here minecraft pocket
edition you play
the options you put your name
you can also play online
with star game
with derision
good is any nonsense or the name
that you want to put
and you expect it to load
Well, it's so creative, but if you can
do all
It's totally good
take for are quite long enough
broad
and is also only payment and all and all
what you want to do good if you liked it
the video makes a mega click on like and if
you want to see more tutorials you can
subscribe until next time